added docu for SAP file import format (#84)
snabble/docs: file_import_formats.md

It works out of the box and is the most powerful and flexible way. But of course, snabble also supports
the transfer by sFTP, using custom and project specific import formats, which are close to the following:

## SAP Retail: Assortment List

> SAP Retail can export the Assortment List IDoc in XML format (WBBDLD). Snabble can handle this format, however, in contrast to the REST API and the CSV format,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP Retail can export the Assortment List as IDoc XML (WBBDLD). Snabble can handle these exports, however, in contrast to the REST API and the CSV format,
```
